.TH OPENKB 6 "SEP 2011" 0.0.1 "Games"
.SH NAME
openkb \- An open source clone of the game King's Bounty
.SH SYNOPSYS
openkb [-c
.IR CONFIG-FILE ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
openkb reimplements the game engine and provides a free data
pack to play the game.

To use the original graphics/maps/sounds from the real game,
you should have them somewhere you can point openkb to. By
default, \fI/var/games/openkb-data\fR is used, but you can
fine-tune the location of each file and directory with a
command line argument or from config file.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-c " CONFIG-FILE"
Point to specific configuration file instead of searching 
all over the place in \fI$HOME\fR and \fI$CWD\fR.
.SH "CONFIGURATION FILE"
Few words about the file in general.
.TP
.BR datadir =\fIPATH\fR
.TP
.BR savedir =\fIPATH\fR
.TP
.BR autodiscover =(0|1)
Attempt to automaticly find suitable game files in the \fBdatadir\fR directory.
Turning this off requires each and every module be explicitly specified in the 
config file. See below.
.TP
.BR fullscreen =(0|1)
.TP
.BR fallback =(0|1)
Try every module in list when searching for a resource.
.TP
.BR filter =(none|normal2x|scale2x)
Zoom filter.
.TP
.BR [module]
Start a new module definition. You can have multiple \fB[module]\fR sections in your file.
Valid parameters are:
.TP
.BR name =\fINAME\f
Arbitary name of the module.
.TP
.BR type =(free|dos|md|...)
Module type. Used to resolve various game resources. For example 'dos' might
search for original game binary, while 'free' would simply look for .PNG files, etc.
.TP
.PD 0
.BR path =\fIPATH\f
.TP
.BR path =\fIPATH\f
.TP
.BR path =\fIPATH\f
.PD 1
You can provide up to 3 paths with resource locations. A valid location is
a directory or an archive file/disk image file. Exact data extraction strategy
depends on the \fBtype\fR setting.
.SH FILES
.PD 0
.TP
.I $HOME/.openkb/openkb.ini
.TP
.I $CWD/openkb.ini
.RS
Default config file location.
.RE
.PD 1
.SH BUGS
Too many to list. The project is in very early development
stage. Feel free to contribute over https://openkb.sourceforge.net/
.SH COPYING
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR netkb (6),
.BR fheroes (6)